Turn around real slow, young fella.
Who are you and what do you want here?
Are you from outer space?
I've come to collect you, earthling.
If we take away their water long enough,
the whole valley will be mine.
- We're too late!
- There's a canyon about a half mile down the road.
We just gotta get there
before the water does.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Knight Rider, a shadowy flight
into the dangerous world...
of a man who does not exist.
Michael Knight, a young loner...
on a crusade to champion
the cause of the innocent,
the helpless,
the powerless,
in a world of criminals
who operate above the law.
Watch it, you jerk!
You wanna blow us all to kingdom come!
I wouldn't do that, Alex.
And we're all here celebrating
because of Miss Wade and Mr. Miles.
Without their help,
we'd be in deep trouble,
dried out by Herb Bremen.
But, boy, I gotta tell ya,
when I saw a lady lawyer...
from the Foundation for Law and Government
was representin' us in our case,
I really got a little nervous there.
But seriously, folks, seriously,
they did a bang-up job.
We've finally beaten Bremen.
Just hurry up.
Let's plant this and get out ofhere.
If Bremen knew that you brought
your brother along, he'd fire us both.
Come on. Come on.
And according to the courts, our water finally
belongs to who it should belong to... us.
Let's just hope you're right.
What's that supposed to mean?
Only that for the last year, Bremen's
been trying to steal our rights legally.
Now that he can't, who knows
what tactics he might resort to.
Gee, Grandpa, what's Mom so
mad about? We won, didn't we?
Well, in court we did.
That's right, Kev.
But, you see, in the real world,
it's not that way.
Miss Wade, Mr. Miles,
we'd all just like to present you...
with a little token
of our appreciation.
Oh.
Thank you.
I'm sure I speak for all of my colleagues at the
Foundation who worked so diligently on this matter.
It has been a privilege
to represent you in this fight.
And it's a special pleasure to win.
Now I'm sure Mr. Miles would like
to thank you all personally. Devon?
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, it really has been
a very great pleasure to have been able to help you.
That, after all, is what
the Foundation is about.
And we certainly appreciate
your kind, uh, gift.
It has been my experience
in the past...
What the hell was that?
It looks like it's near
the catchment basin!
It isn't near the catchment basin.
It is the catchment basin!
I warned you all Bremen wouldn't give up so
easily, but you thought I was just paranoid.
Well, Mr. Miles, your legal victory doesn't
mean diddly if they cut off our water.
- What are we gonna do?
- Well, first we better go fix the basin and fast.
Do you think they'll want
their trophy back?
We may have left these people with an even more
serious problem than they had to begin with.
- Do you have any ideas?
- Only one. Michael Knight.
Anyway, as I was saying,
we just won a lawsuit...
that will enable eight small ranches to keep
the water that rightfully belongs to them.
However, the plaintiff, one Herb Bremen,
now seems determined...
to resort to illegal acts
to deprive them of that water.
- And you want me to stop him, right?
- Exactly.
For how long? I mean, I can go up there
and stop him for a month or a week,
but how do we stop him permanently?
That's no problem.
I'm attempting to get a peace bond,
which is an injunction
against this sort of harassment.
- Meaning? - Meaning that if
there is any more hanky-panky,
the courts will hold Herb Bremen
personally responsible.
So you want me to cover you guys
till you get this peace bond?
Okay, how long will that take? It could
take anywhere from a week to 10 days,
depending upon how much
of a stiff the judge is.
All right. That doesn't seem to be
too much of a problem.
All I gotta do is stop this Bremen guy
from messing with the ranchers' water...
for up to, uh, 10 days.
Well, it's slightly more complicated
than that, I'm afraid.
Like how? We can't go into
court with dirty hands.
Which means if the ranchers engage in any
extra-legal activity against Mr. Bremen,
the judge will throw the whole thing out.
All right. I got ya.
Where do I start?
With Francesca Morgan.
She's not only their leader,
she's also almost
as impulsive as you are...
stubborn, rebellious
constantly indignant.
As a matter of fact, I can't think of
two people who deserve each other more.
All right, I got it. Stop him, stop her,
make sure no one gets hurt.
You got it.
See ya.
All finished. What have
you done to the monster now?
Yeah.
I've just increased
his capabilities enormously.
You see, you just push
this button. Uh-huh.
And a grappling hook
shoots out the back. Really?
My! What a remarkable
fisherman KITT would make.
Give him a chance
to cool down, Sam.
We had a good ride.
So?
Piece of cake, boss.
Real clean operation, Mr. B.
It should stop 'em for a while.
I hope you're right, Alex.
I don't like losing.
Like the lawsuit I filed. I should've
made sure of the judge in the first place.
Francesca, my dear.
I see you took the shortcut.
- Just like you do all the time, Herb.
- It's good to see you. Come on in. Have a drink.
I'm here for one reason,
and one reason only...
to serve notice on you.
We beat you in court,
and now you're playin'dirty.
Well, you're not foolin' anybody,
and you're not gettin' away with it!
Back off, Herb.
I'm warnin' ya.
Just back off!
Now there's a pain
we can deal with.
Let me at her.
She thinks she owns the whole world.
Don't underestimate her. She's got more guts than
the rest of 'em, and she's their rallying point.
But I think if we take away
their water long enough,
the whole valley
will be mine by default.
Tell Mr. Bremen that
the Knight Foundation...
is sending out some special hotshot
out to help the ranchers.
Oh, Pop, how's it going?
Oh, it's rough. But with a little luck,
we oughta have it repaired by sundown.
Ma, are we gonna let Bremen
get away with this?
- No, honey, we're not.
- Then what are we gonna do?
I don't know yet,
but I'll think of something.
Kevin, they had a problem just like this
in a place called Lincoln County in 1870.
What'd they do, Grandpa?
Well, it's a long story,
so walk with me over here,
and I'll tell you all about it.
Morning, KITT. I gotta tell you...
you're better than any hotel.
That was a great night's sleep
and a, uh, a terrific dream.
I'm glad you enjoyed yourself,
Michael.
I believe we have a problem. I've picked up
some very large metallic objects directly ahead.
Okay, I'm gonna take over.
That's the car! It says "KNIGHT."
Bremen heard he was comin'
to help the ranchers.
Do you get the feeling they're a little
hostile? Feelings don't enter into it.
I can think of no friendly reason
for their present deployment.
Have we got room to jump?
Of course we can jump.
But I can't guarantee
where or how we'll land.
Easy as squishin' a bug.
He can't get outta here now!
Are they serious?
They don't know you like I do.
Now, KITT!
- Like this, Michael?
- Just like this.
That was a close one.
I wonder how they knew we were coming?
Are you positive it was
a deliberate assault on us?
- No question about it.
- How can you be so sure?
Because earthmovers
don't mate this time of year.
Easy!
Turn around real slow, young fella.
Keep those hands showin;
Now, who are you
and what do you want here?
I'm not looking for a part
in a western, especially the bad guy.
I'm Michael Knight.
Devon Miles asked me to stop by.
Harry, get over here! Come on, Harry!
If you've got some I.D,
I'd like to see it, please.
Yes, sir. Sir, I do.
He's all right, Fran.
That remains to be seen.
Sorry to be so inhospitable, son,
but things have been mighty tense
around these parts.
- Welcome to the Double-M Ranch.
- Thank you.
I'm Josh Morgan, and this is my
daughter-in-law, Fran, and my grandson, Kevin.
Gee, what a neat car!
- You like it, huh?
- Sure beats the cars we got around here.
Well, I've got work to do, Mr. Knight.
If you want to talk,
you'll have to talk in the barn.
You comin', Kevin?
In a minute, Gramp.
Just wanna take another look.
Hey, Mr. Knight,
do you wanna go see my mare?
- Sure. But you gotta call me Michael, okay?
- Okay.
Okay.
Harry, go away.
I am not a tree.
Dog, what do you think you're doing?
I'm not a fire hydrant.
Some days there's just no winning.
This is my horse, Terra.
She's due any day now.
Boy, she's real pretty, Kevin,
like she'd throw a great foal.
The reason I'm here... Devon Miles
suggested I might be of some help.
Just what we need...
Another lawyer.
Listen, I'm not a lawyer. I heard
you've been having some problems.
But if you're not interested in me
helping you, I'll be happy to leave.
Kevin, go change your clothes. We'll be
leaving for the basin in a few minutes.
All right, Mom.
Look, Mr. Knight, if we can't
solve this problem ourselves,
just what the hell good
is one man like you gonna be?
Oh, come on, Fran!
Mr. Knight, in this part of the country,
water is more valuable than land.
We run about 6,000 head of cattle
between eight spreads,
and each head needs 14 gallons a day.
Fourteen gallons a day.
That's 84,000 gallons a day,
each day, 365 days a year.
Even without Herb Bremen's interference,
we're barely managing to survive.
We've had a dry winter two years running,
and our acre feet are down 30 percent.
Now, just how do you propose to help us?
Look, uh, I think I'll be better at
fixing Mr. Bremen's wagon than you are.
Look, Mr. Knight, you do your spying,
or whatever it is you do,
and leave the rest to me.
I've got my own idea how things
should be done. Agreed?
- You got it.
- I'll see you at the basin later.
Oh, by the way,
you can stay in the house.
We've got plenty of room
since our help quit.
Don't mind her, Mr. Knight.
Oh, I don't.
I think she's kinda gutsy.
Well, she's been livin' under a lot
of pressure since my son Billy died.
Seems like she's fightin'
a whole war single-handed.
And she almost is.
Been hard on her.
I'm gettin' too old to be
much help. Kevin's too young.
She's got this whole place
to worry about.
I'd like to do what I can to help.
I bet you would.
Oh, and by the way,
an acre foot is enough water...
to cover an acre of land
with a foot of water.
Oh.
Or to flush 70,000 johns a year.
Or enough to keep every head of cattle
in this valley watered for four days.
Whichever is more important to you.
So you can store your stuff in the house
there, and then I'll show you the ranch.
You got it. Thank you.
Michael, did you see
what that cur did to my tire?
No. But I'm sure
the damage isn't permanent.
It all depends upon whose tire it is.
What are you staring at?
I've just never seen anybody
take a bull for a walk before.
You want some help?
No.
I mean, it's okay.
I'd rather be alone.
Just exactly where
are you taking this bull?
I'm gonna teach Herb Bremen
a lesson he won't forget.
What kind of lesson?
Well, I thought I'd let old Bumper here
have a little fun for a change...
with a real high-class
crowd of Brangus.
Won't that destroy
the value of the herd?
You catch on quickly, Michael.
Doesn't he deserve it?
Probably. But that's not the
point. That's exactly the point.
You're taking a chance
with every ranch in this valley...
just to play a dirty trick on Bremen.
What do you mean?
You pull off this stunt, you're jeopardizing
everybody's chances to get rid of Bremen the right way.
In court, for good. Why?
To get even with him.
That's pure self-indulgence.
Who the hell are you to tell me
how to run my ranch or my life?
You're just here on a pass.
You don't belong.
Where do you get off
being judge and jury?
I don't. I'm just pointing out a few facts
that you're too hotheaded to think about.
And maybe too selfish.
Oh, no! Bumper! Bumper!
Josh, help!
Bumper's gotten loose!
Don't worry.
Just get out of the way.
Do something about that bull,
will you, KITT?
A bull? Really, Michael!
You want me to chase a bull?
I'm not a matador.
KITT!
Very well, Michael.
What's going on?
Who's driving that car?
How's that car doing that?
Toro! Toro! Toro!
Who said that?
I'm afraid it was the car.
KITT, teach him who's boss!
Ole! Ole, ole!
That's the damnedest thing
I ever saw!
You've got old Bumper scared silly.
Michael, you may now take
the bull by the horns, as they say.
Come on. Come on.
Come on there, guy.
Well, uh, here's your bull.
How'd you do that?
How'd that car do that?
I see it,
but I don't believe it.
Well, have you figured out
another kind of accident yet?
It's not gonna be easy, Mr. B.
From what I hear, the ranchers have established
24-hour patrols on the whole water system.
I don't care.
Even if we cut off their water for
a few hours, their herds'll stampede.
Yeah, but what about the patrols?
Well, in that case,
somebody'll have to get hurt.
Keep that bag open!
I was just showin' Mike here
what we gotta deal with.
Well, as long as you're here,
I better fill you in.
You have my full attention.
The water runs down
that waterfall there...
from the main reservoir
into this basin here,
where it's distributed by gravity flow
to all eight of our ranches.
How long can the cattle
go without water?
Three, maybe four days.
But that's not the big problem.
If you cut off their water
for even six hours, they'll panic on you.
Cattle can smell water miles away,
and the herds'll take off for it any way
they can, anywhere their noses lead them.
You mean stampede?
Yep.
And if you've ever seen one,
you'll never forget it.
Well, looks like Bremen's
got you in a pocket, huh?
Well, he's sure trying.
Well, what can I do to help?
For now, why don't you go
play with the cement mixer?
Sure.
You were kinda hard on him, weren't you,
Frannie? I mean, he did come here to help.
Well, what kind of help can he be if he doesn't
know anything about ranchin' or farmin' or water?
Well, that kinda depends
on what he does know about.
Give him a chance.
Unless there's somethin' else
you're not comfortable about.
You know, Dad, sometimes
I think you missed your calling.
You would've been great at quiltin' bees
with all the other gossips.
Now, come on.
We got work to do.
Time for bed, Kevin.
Oh, Mom!
If you want, you can
show me around tomorrow.
- I didn't get a chance to see much of the territory today.
- You'll drive?
- You got it.
- All right!
- Come on, Harry. Come on.
- All right.
You know, Michael,
this is really our war, not yours.
Bremen means business.
He hasn't killed anybody yet,
but I think that's just
'cause he hasn't had to.
Don't worry about it. I've been
in wars before, and I've survived.
I didn't like 'em much, but I don't like
greedy, power-hungry people much either.
So I, uh, think I'll take
a little look around tomorrow.
Good night and thank you.
I gotta go.
Mr. Morrow asked me to do
some guard duty for him tonight.
Thanks for dinner.
It's about time.
You can't be impatient.
That's a human trait.
I just like to know what's going on.
I'm only as good as my input, you know.
I know, I know. I want you to stay
in surveillance mode tonight.
We're doing some guard duty,
and I got a feeling.
By all means,
listen to your instincts.
I do. Believe me, I do.
Good night, Mom.
Love you.
Good night, sweetheart.
I love you too.
Now, you sleep tight and don't
let those bad bedbugs bite.
I think I'm too old
for that, Mom.
Whatever, Kev.
Good night.
He's a nice young fella,
that Michael.
Mm-hmm.
It's about time you started thinkin' about
goin' out and havin' some fun, don't you think?
Papa, I'm your son's wife.
- Widow.
- Michael's just drifting through.
Come on. I haven't seen you
that lit up inside since Billy died.
You are an incorrigible old romantic.
Well, what's wrong with a little
romance once in a while?
Good night, sweetheart.
Good night, Papa.
I love you too.
See you later.
Right on time, Mike.
Everything okay?
Yeah, so far. But I don't really
expect any trouble this soon.
Well, let's hope not. See you
later. Get some sleep, huh?
Yeah, okay. Thanks.
I really don't know why you're doin'
this, but we sure do appreciate it.
It's all right. Good night. Okay.
KITT, I'm gonna check around
the perimeter. Stay alert, huh?
That's a redundancy, Michael.
I'm always alert.
I know. I know. I know.
Dewey and me'll take care of him.
Well, what do you want me to do?
Pick up the car.
It'll make a good souvenir.
What is it, KITT?
There are three men
moving about the area.
One is approaching me
on the rear left.
The other two are 20 yards
behind you, moving quietly.
All right.
You take care of your end; I'll
take care of mine. Of course.
I suggest you remove
your hand, buddy.
Who said that?
Alex! Alex!
Alex!
It's alive! It's alive!
Come on!
Aren't we going
after them, Michael?
No, KITT. We gotta stay here
and do some guard duty.
What happened back there, anyway?
You told me to take care
of my end, and I did.
I don't think that person will ever
attempt to approach me again.
The possibility ever occur to you
that you might have scared him off?
Wasn't that the point?
Not exactly, no.
Well, Michael, next time you want
something handled in a specific way,
please be sure
to tell me ahead of time.
I did manage to save us both
from harm, you know.
Right. And you did
very, very good work.
Whew! How's it goin'?
Fine.
All quiet so far.
Well, don't let up. We know Bremen's
gonna make another move.
It's just a matter of where and when.
Come, baby. Let's go. Come on.
Michael, where are we going?
Bremen's ranch, buddy. To investigate.
- To investigate what?
- Well, if I knew that, we wouldn't have to investigate now, would we?
- You call that logic?
- You got a better idea?
How would you like to hear
a little music?
Michael?
Yes, KITT.
That person up ahead is the one
that tried to violate me last night.
He's over the rise, about a hundred
yards ahead. The one who freaked out?
- Exactly.
- We may have something worth investigating after all.
You take over, buddy.
I want you to pretend you're a U.F.O.
With a very unpleasant disposition.
That may require considerable
acting ability on my part.
Not as much as you think.
Hey!
Would you care to tell me why you were
running when all I want to do is talk to you?
Who are you? What do you want to talk
to me about? I wasn't doin' anything.
You were very offensive
last night, earthling.
"Earthling"? Who are you?
I don't really think you want to know
the answer to that.
We have had some unfortunate prior experience
with earthlings who became too inquisitive.
Are you from outer space
or somethin'?
Outer space covers a lot of territory.
Anyway, we're wasting time.
You'd better just get right in.
Get in? What for?
I've come to collect you.
Y-You mean you wanna take me
out there, into space?
That's right. Unless, of course, you have
some information you want to give me.
- Like what?
- Like maybe what this earthling Bremen's next move is.
Our supreme council finds his antics quite
amusing. I could get in big trouble if I told you.
What do you mean, "get"?
You are in big trouble.
I don't know anything, except it's got
something to do with the main water pipes.
That's all I can tell you.
Just please go!
Thank you very much.
I'll be seeing you around.
Not if I can help it.
- How did I do, Michael?
- Aw, KITT, that was beautiful!
That earthling bit
was pure genius.
Yes, I thought so myself at the time.
What's our next move?
The pipes, of course.
Get in position, Frank!
That's an awfully impressive
piece of machinery, Michael.
Are you quite sure
we want to antagonize it?
We don't have any choice, KITT.
With one swipe of that arm,
he can rupture those pipes, wipe out
the ranchers'water supply for days.
Very likely. But I'm thinking of what
one swipe of that arm could do to us.
- What do you intend to do?
- We gotta maneuver him away from those pipes.
Hey, you! Move away from those pipes!
He's gotta be kidding!
Move around, Frank!
Easy pickings.
You bet.
- Now!
- Got him!
Frank, what happened?
So far it's a standoff, KITT. We gotta
get that guy away from that pipeline.
What do you intend to do, Michael?
You know I'm not programmed
to finish off any person.
The people aren't the problem.
It's the backhoe.
Wait a minute. What about that
grappling hook Bonnie just installed?
Good thinking.
I'll get him this time!
The retro-rockets, KITT?
- Very logical, Michael.
- Thank you.
Back up! Back up!
I can't get away! He's towin' us!
- Farm implements!
- Yeah.
Nice horse.
Nice car.
Thank you.
I assume you're Michael Knight
from the Foundation.
You're very well informed,
Mr. Bremen.
Naturally.
What can I do for you?
- It's more like what I can do for you.
- Meaning?
I think we both know
what's going on around here.
I just thought I'd tell you that
whatever you've got in mind,
it isn't gonna happen.
So what do you say we make life
easy on everybody...
and leave the status
as quo as possible?
You're very confident, Mr. Knight.
It's better confident
than overconfident.
These mean something?
Yes, sir. You'll find your men handcuffed
to their machines up at the pipeline.
That play didn't work either.
See ya.
Well, by tomorrow night, you should
have your injunction against Bremen,
and that should be that.
You just don't know him like I do.
He doesn't plan on giving up.
What's the matter with you, Fran?
You worried about it?
Not really about him.
I'm worried about Kevin.
Kevin? Why?
I'm afraid he'll grow up
like Josh or me.
What's wrong with that?
Josh still thinks
we live in the Old West.
I'm not so sure we're the greatest
influence on him sometimes.
You give him a lot of
love, don't you? Mm-hmm.
A lot of discipline?
Mm-hmm.
And a chance to be himself?
Most of the time.
He'll be fine. How do you know
all this? You don't have any kids.
Hey, I was a kid once.
I remember.
I'm not so sure you're still
not a giant kid right now.
You may be right.
Michael, do you think
people can change?
All the time.
I've got this really bad temper.
No kidding. I just wish I was
an easier sort of person...
instead of always flying off
like a rocket first.
I know it's not good
for Kevin or me.
All you gotta do is figure out how to channel
all that energy into something positive.
I think if I let go
of all that anger,
I just won't be able
to cope anymore.
It's the only thing
that keeps me strong.
You can't be strong all the time.
Nobody is.
- Not even you?
- Not even me.
You know, Devon's always telling me
how impulsive I am.
Looking at you,
I think I know what he means.
You're right.
I know you're right.
But now what I think I need
more than anything is a hug.
Come here.
Hi, Mom. Kevin, what are
you doing here this early?
- Spent the night with Terra.
- I thought I told you...
Never mind. I probably would've done
the same thing at your age.
- Where are you going?
- Over to Bremen's.
I can't stand this
cat and mouse game anymore.
- I gotta find out what's going on.
- That could be dangerous, Mom.
Don't you worry.
I'll be careful. Let's go.
Don't tell Michael
I've gone to Bremen's.
Your ineptness has left me no option.
I have no time now.
If we can't drive 'em out,
we're gonna have to
flood them out for good.
I want you to blow the sluice gates
at the main reservoir.
This time we're gonna do it right.
It's not my fault.
It's that car, I'm tellin' ya.
It's a jinx.
Never mind the car. All we gotta do
is make it look like an accident...
opened those sluice gates
at the main reservoir.
That oughta take care of the Double-M
and the rest of'em for good.
Now, let's set those charges.
Shut up and stop screaming.
You won't get hurt.
Let me go!
Let go of me!
I said shut up!
Put me down!
Boy, she's a real fighter!
Come on! Hurry up!
Bremen's got Mom!
Where is she?
She's at his ranch.
Kevin, why'd your mom go to Bremen's?
She said she couldn't stand waiting
anymore and not to tell you.
Okay, KITT, scan the interior.
See if you can locate her.
Of course I can locate her.
There are three people
in the southeast portion of the house.
Several in the back, which
presumably is the kitchen area.
- And one person in the pool house.
- That's gotta be Fran. Let's go.
Mrs. Morgan, would you please
move flat against the south wall?
Hang on!
They're gonna open the sluice gates
and flood out the entire valley.
That's where we're going.
- Are you all right, Mom?
- Yeah.
I'm just embarrassed
that I got caught.
We're too late!
All this and we didn't make it!
Don't be too sure about that.
There's a canyon
about a half mile down the road.
We just gotta get there
before the water does. Let's go!
Michael, blowing the catch basin was
nothing compared to the main reservoir.
Don't worry. We're almost there.
Give me another round, buddy.
Who'd believe it?
Well, Mrs. Morgan, Bremen and his boys
are going to be in jail for quite a long time.
So I guess we didn't do
so badly after all.
No, Mr. Miles,
I guess you didn't.
And thank you. I do hope you'll accept
our invitation to come back soon.
I know Kevin will be very
disappointed if you don't. Just Kevin?
How can he refuse?
I'm awful sorry, Mom!
Awful sorry about what?
Old Bumper got out,
and I can't catch him!
No need to worry, Michael. I've become
quite adept at this sort of thing.
Won't you ever learn?
One man can make a difference, Michael.
Michael Knight, a lone crusader
in a dangerous world,
the world of the Knight Rider.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org